# 写作作业
@(04托福个人)

------

## Health&Environment
1. For protect`ing` the non-smoking individuals, smoking in public should be prohibit`ed`.
2. Hygienism education is critical to protect us from coming down with illness.
3. Natural resource, likes charcoal and gasoline, are nonrenewable.
4. Healthful eating habit can decrease the risk of heart disease.
5. Saving water and using your own cup is in good for conserving the environment.
6. Eating less and exercising everyday is the ~~best~~ `most effective` way for diets.
7. Air pollution is easy to contaminate but difficult to purify.
8. Mental health is not always be helpful by sleeping with stress.
9. A dense population ~~have~~`has` increased the temporary of our city.
10. Every creator consumes energy and human deplete mostly.
11. Preventing disease is more ~~important~~`critical` than treating.
12. Our younger generation couldn't consume natural resource as ~~many~~`much` as we deplete.
13. Student __deserve__ to learn that how to take care of the handicapped.
14. Although ~~the~~ life expectancy has been improved in recent years, there are plenty of people died.
15. The public medical facilities are managed as well as private by our government.
16. Due to the careless exploiting, amazon tropic rainforest is in endangered state.
17. Optimistic people rarely collapse.
18. People who dine in high calories must to exercise periodically.
19. Assuming that we can __relieve overpopulation__, the traffic problem also will be solved.
20. People living downtown suffer more pollution from car exhaust than urban.


