#高分句式部分
@(04托福个人)

2016-12-09 22:45:07

------


1 the extent to which ….（在多大程度上）
The phenomenon reveals the extent to which human beings are suffering from the soaring increase of private cars

2 A is to B what C is to D

Water is to fish what air is to human

3 given that /given mportance/seriousness/significance of …..,（考虑到---的重要性/严重性/重大意义）
Given the seriousness of the soaring increase of private cars, severe restriction must be imposed

4 one of the greatest ironies of the __ century is that …(--- 世纪最大的讽刺之一就是)

One of the greatest ironies of the 20 century is that although economy is developing at an amazing rate, our environment is becoming increasingly bad.

5 as the century continues/ progresses ,… 随着世纪不断推移---
as the century continues，a greater emphasis has been placed on women’s rights and their role in our society

6so + adj+系动词+主语 +that + 句子（太。。。以致于。。。）
So serious is the pollution that government has to take effective steps

7 it is advisable/desirable(可取得)/conceivable/(可想而知)/profitable（有利可图）/as clear as crystal(非常清晰)/manifest(显而易见)/probable/likely(可能的)

It is manifest that space research has wasted a large sum of money

8 …  an outline of sth   --- 是关于---的概括性的论述
 Following is an outline of advantages and disadvantages of working at home.
9do A by either /not only/both doing B or/but also/and doing c)(通过做A 来实现B,)
Pollution can be controlled by either/not only/both restricting the increasing private cars or/but also/and arousing the public’s awareness of protecting environment

10it must be stressed out that...(必须要指出)
It must be stressed out that happiness depends on at least 3 considerations

11 名词，介词+which/whom +句子(非限制定语从句的高分句式，尤其要敢于在从句前加表程度或情感的副词或者介词短语)
Government has taken effective steps, at least three of which will bring benefits to us in a long run

I have a large circle of friends, pitifully several of whom can be dependable.

12 A… hava(has) become an integral part of …B（A已经成为了B中的一部分）
Being considerate has become an integral part of successful management

13 句子+ with a view/with an aim to ( 作什么事情目的是。。。，是替换in order to 的有效句式)
The costly technology was initially introduced into this country with an aim to cure millions of people suffering from the disease

14as is generally believed,…(众所周知---)
As is generally believed, the air of cities has become unbreathable

15A… provide the initiative and incentive to do sth  A 带来了积极性和热情
The worsening situation provides the initiative and incentive to make great efforts to leave teenagers safe

16…. might prove to be a successful antidote to …(…也许是个成功的解决办法)
A mould might prove to be a successful antidote to bacterial infection

17 it is not until …. That + 句子（直到---才---）
It is not until the moment when we are trapped in troubles that we will adopt steps.

18 not only+倒装的句子，but (最好有个副词)+句子
Not only should the government take effective measures, but actively, the public make great efforts.

19 despite/in spite of/regardless of the fact that ….让步状语从句的高分句式

Despite of the fact that the vies seems attractive, it can not hold water

20 associate…A  with  B  把A和B联系起来
People always associate the ability of using computers with success

21 mirror ….（反映出）

Constant disasters mirror the lack of consciousness of environment protection

22 A… become seriously interested in …B   A对 B 变得越来越有兴趣了

More and more people become seriously interested in keep fit by doing exercises

23 owe A to B 把A归功于B

People should partly owe their success to their abilities to deal with stress.

24 rather than/without doing sth… 没有做。。。，反倒作了。。。（用于正反对比）

Rather than improving people’s lives, private cars has led to the deterioration.

25 it is by no means + adj+ 句子(or to do)绝不。。。（更多用于双重否定）

It is by no means pointless, in any way, to try to keep traditions alive with technology

26 … have(has) been drawn to the attention of 成为公众关注的焦点
The seriousness of contamination has been drawn to the attention of international organizations.

27 ….. is of great importance/significance/value/use 替换important/significant/valuable/useful很好的方式

Fresh water is of great importance to keep alive.

28 one of the most fascinating and disturbing problems …让人爱恨交织的问题之一是
one of the most fascinating and disturbing problems

29 seems to be getting worse 似乎越来越严重
Situation seems to be getting worse

30 a quick look at the facts shows a different picture 快速地了解事实会让我们有另一番感受
a quick look at the facts shows a different picture that planes do save our time

31evidently, something drastic needs to be done about such a costly problem
显而易见，要采取猛烈的措施来对付这个代价不菲的问题

 it is of great help for sb to do sth and to do sth + 状语从句

it can be imagined that …

34简单句+具体的好处/坏处，which, in the long run do great good/harm to ..

35___ is growing at a startling pace.

36What lies behind this disturbing issue deserve most attention.

37___ is surely one explanation.

38 主语 make it possible for sb to do sth without doing sth

39 sth/doing sth provides a new platform on which + 并列句

40 ——————is + adv motivated and opens up opportunities for sb to do sth
